quotes = ["My feet determine the size of my dick? No honey, your feet determine the size of my dick.", "Keep calling him handsome and maybe he'll handsome dick over.", "Like a flake of snow I melt at your touch.", "I pissed my bed. Can I sleep in yours? ;)", "They call me 'Deodorant.' *Licks ur armpit*", "When bro is whining a bit too loud so I kiss him to muffle his whimpers", "What if instead of homies we were ğ“¯ğ“»ğ“®ğ“ªğ“´ğ“²ğ“®ğ“¼ and instead of dapping you up, I'd fill you up?", "You must be homework the way I want to spread you on the table and do you until I can't see straight.", "Thrusting into him while he yaps about his nerdy interests <3", "Hey let's play pretend! You can be the phone and I'll be the charging cable ;3", "Of course I know what a 'hush puppy' is bro, it's what pretty ladies say to instantly melt me into a puddle.", "I feel sore can you help me stretch? (My insides)", "'Let's match pfps' 'Let's match bios' Let's match last names", "Apparently I'm not man enough for a woman but I'm woman enough for a man.", "I've been blocked, unblocked, added, unadded, hated, loved, but I've never been peed on. Let's fix that.", "Feeling alone? Don't! I'm somewhere in your room right now <3", "When you tell bro to hop on and instead of opening the game he knocks on your door with a bottle of lube", "Me looking at bro when there's a discount for couples (I want bro not the food)", "Hey bro are you gonna use that lap?", "Bro I'm kinda hot. Would you mind unzipping your pants and swinging it around in a circle like a fan until I cool down?", "When the homie tells you to go fuck yourself so you dress him up exactly like you", "Blue collar jobs, white collar jobs... sigh... can't I just have the collar without the job??", "I'd bounce on it like the Pixar lamp if you even care.", "Refusing to take a shit because the only thing allowed to stretch my ass is him.", "Hopping on bro because bro didn't hop online", "A flat chest is like the desert... There's nothing there but it's still fucking hot", "It's always 'goodnight' and never 'do you want a shirtless pic before I go to bed'", "Call me a beaver the way I always be thinking about your wood in my mouth", "Please pray for my dick. He's just suffered a massive stroke."];
quotes[Math.floor(Math.random()*quotes.length)];
