jokes = ["When a musician performs on stage, the sound bounces around the room. When a pigeon performs, it doesn't. This is because a coo sticks.","Someone stole 20%  of my couch. Ouch.","What do you call a sleepwalking nun? A Roman Catholic.","A horse walks into a bar. The bartender says, 'You come in here an awful lot. I think you might be an alcoholic.' The horse replies, 'I don't think I am.' and promptly vanishes. You see, this was based off of Descartes' famous philosophy line, 'I think therefore I am' but I couldn't explain that before the rest of the joke because that would've been putting Descartes before the horse.","I was kidnapped by mimes. They did unspeakable things to me.","If any of you know how to fix broken hinges, my door is always open.","An engineer, a biologist, and a mathematician are standing outside of an empty house. As they wait, they see two people walk into the house. A little while later, they see three people walk out. The engineer says 'clearly our original assumption was wrong.' The biologist says 'no, they reproduced.' The mathematician says 'clearly, if one of us walks into the house, it'll be empty again.'","Why don't crabs give to charity? Because they're shellfish.","In Britain they call it a lift but in America we call it an elevator. I guess we're just raised differently.","A bear and a rabbit are taking a shit in the woods. The bear turns to the rabbit and says 'excuse me, do you have problems with shit sticking to your fur?' The rabbit says no. So the bear wipes his ass with the rabbit.","What weighs more, a gallon of water or a gallon of butane? Water. Butane is a lighter fluid.","A man who runs in front of a bus gets tired. A man who runs behind a bus gets exhausted.","What kind of doctor was Dr. Pepper? A fizzician.","Hello. Or as they say in Spanish, como ellos dicen.","Ever had sex while camping? It's fucking intents.","I was confused about why they wanted me to carry a Geiger counter, but then it clicked.","What do leeches and the Eiffel Tower have in common? They're both Paris sites.","Did you hear about the man who was hospitalized with six plastic horses up his ass? Doctors describe his condition as stable.","Which country has the fastest growing population? Ireland. It's Dublin every year.","There once was a doctor who took thousands of foreskins to a leather worker. He only got a wallet but if he rubs it for a few minutes it turns into a briefcase.","If you think Thursdays are depressing, just wait two days. Then it will be a sadder day.","How do you split an ocean in half? With a sea-saw.","What's the difference between a hippo and a Zippo? One's really heavy and the other's a little lighter.","Someone threw a jar of Mayo at me and I was like 'what the Hellman?'","A few puns make me numb but math puns make me number.","I wanted to be a monk but I never got the chants.","What's better than roses on your piano? Tulips on your organ.","What does a fish say when it hits a wall? 'Dam.'","Three tomatoes are walking down the street: a papa tomato, a mama tomato, and baby tomato. Baby tomato starts lagging behind and papa tomato gets really angry, goes back and squishes him, and says, 'Ketchup!'","What did the grape say when it got crushed? Nothing, it just let out a little wine.","A man who stands on cookware is high on pot.","An old grandma tells her husband that moose are falling from the sky. He replies, 'It's reindeer.'","Why was 6 afraid of 7? Because 789!!!11!!!111!!!1!!!! UAJAJA","I don't trust stairs, they're always up to something.","Smaller babies may be delivered by a stork but bigger ones need a crane.","What do you use to cut a Roman Emperor's hair? Caesars.","I made a pun about wind but it blows.","My friend's bread business burned down last night. Now his business is toast.","Two windmills are standing in a field. One asks, 'What's your favorite kind of music?' The other replies, 'I'm a big metal fan.'","Scary skinwalker story: Camping with friends. Our buddy Dave couldn't make it. Late at night we hear 'Dave' saying he's lost and can't find his way to camp. Fire off 10 rounds in the direction of the voice. Sun up we get the hell out of there. A day later they find my buddy Dave near where we camped. Skinwalker shot him.","What does a pirate look for in a woman? A big chest and lots of booty.","I was drinking some tea but couldn't tell if it was oolong, green, or black. It was uncertaintea.","I thought the word 'Caesarean' started with an S, but when I looked it up in the dictionary, it was in the C section.","*Holding hands with my pirate gf* Me: Babe your hands are so cold. Her: That me hook.","A ladder, a phone, a chair, and a dildo are playing poker. The ladder says 'I raise', hearing that the phone says 'I call', with that the chair says 'I fold' and after hearing all that the dildo says 'I'm all in.'","What do you call the mirror aisle at Walmart? Self check-out.","The bartender says 'We don't serve time travelers here.' A time traveler walks into a bar.","I had 11 sisters growing up. Nowadays all three identify as non-binary.","Of all the inventions in the last 100 years, the dry erase board has to be the most remarkable.","Where do you take someone who's been injured in a Peek-a-Boo accident? To the I.C.U.","It's a 5 minute walk from my house to the bar, but a 45 minute walk from the bar to my house. The difference is staggering.","I wrote down the names of all the people I hate on a piece of paper, but my roommate used it to roll up a joint. Now he's high on the list of people I never want to talk to again.","I think I have a fetish for the last paragraph in an essay. I just came to that conclusion.","The average person is really mean.","How do you get a farm girl to marry you? First, a tractor.","A chemist accidentally froze himself to -273.15°C. Don't worry though, he's 0K.","I got this awful disease where I can't stop telling airport jokes. My doctor says it's terminal.","I was walking down a street where the houses were numbered 64k, 128k, 256k, 512k, and 1MB. That was a trip down memory lane.","I met my boyfriend while visiting the zoo. He was in a uniform, that's how I knew he was a keeper.","The genie asked, 'What’s your first wish?' Steve replied, 'I wish I was rich!' The genie nodded and said, 'What’s your second wish?' Rich exclaimed, 'I want lots of money!'","Doctor: I'm sorry, but I had to remove your colon. Me why?","Shout out to people wondering what the opposite of in is.","I was named after my dad, because I couldn't possibly have been named before him.","How did the computer hackers get away from the scene of the crime? They ransomeware.","I've recently discovered I'm terrified of elevators, so I'm taking steps to avoid them.","Humans are born with four kidneys. When they get older, two of them become adult knees.","A priest, a pastor and a rabbit entered a clinic to donate blood. The nurse asked the rabbit, 'what’s your blood type?' 'I’m probably a type O' said the rabbit."];
jokes[Math.floor(Math.random()*jokes.length)];
